refine-text-on-intro-page (#18)
eclipse-esmf/eclipse-esmf.github.io: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

[.icon-cli]
--
[.title]
Aspect Model Editor

[.text]
Create your Aspect Models graphically and learn SAMM on the go. Generate downstream artifacts, such as OpenAPI specs.

[.link]
xref:ame-guide:ROOT:introduction.adoc[Aspect Model Editor]
--

[.tile]
[.icon-cli]
--
[.title]
SAMM Command Line Interface +
(SAMM CLI)

[.text]
Use common features command-line-based: validate Aspect Models, generate artifacts, such as OpenAPI specs.

[.link]
xref:esmf-developer-guide:tooling-guide:samm-cli.adoc[SAMM CLI]
--

[.tile]
[.icon-cli]
--
[.title]
Java SDK

[.text]

> Create aspect APIs for software solutions. The SDK supports by understanding Aspect Models and generating Java code & artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load and validate Aspect Models programmatically and generate code to create aspect-based APIs.
```

[.icon-cli]
--
[.title]
Python SDK

[.text]

> Create aspect APIs in Python for software solutions and for analytics use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load Aspect Models programmatically and generate code for software solutions or analytics use cases.
```

[.icon-cli]
--
[.title]
JavaScript SDK

[.text]

> Build UIs better and faster. This SDK loads Aspect Models and generates UI code, such as tables that unite aspect data & model.

Reviewer 2: "UI code, such as tables that unite aspect data & model."
single comma might be wrong? Two or none?

Author: You mean to embed "such as" in commas? No, that is only sth you'd do for "e.g." and "i.e." -- they go with commas before and after. 👍

Yes, if the "such as"-clause was restrictive, it would go completely without commas. 

But as the core meaning of the sentence would not be changed by leaving the such-as part out, it is non-restrictive. Hence it is separated from the main clause by a comma. See also https://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/qanda/data/faq/topics/Commas/faq0025.html.

Thanks for paying attention to commas! ❤

> Build UIs better and faster. This SDK loads Aspect Models and generates UI code, such as tables that unite aspect data & model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build UIs better and faster. This SDK loads Aspect Models and generates UI code, such as tables that unite aspect data and model.
```
